docs(runtime): Add localStorage API example (#10973)
denoland/deno: docs/runtime/web_storage_api.md

To use persistent storage, you need to pass the `--location` flag. The location
for persistent storage is listed in `deno info`, and additionally passing the
`--location` will give you the path for the specified origin.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To learn more about the Web Storage APIs, visit the
[MDN page on Web Storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage).

```

### Example

> The following snippet accesses the current domain's local Storage object and
> adds a data item to it using Storage.setItem().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet accesses the local storage bucket for the current origin
and adds a data item to it using `setItem()`.
```
